#1050: Document the versioning system used by VVV (#126)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/varyingvagrantvagrants.org: docs/en-US/installation/keeping-up-to-date.md

Your VVV install will hopefully serve you for many years, but in order to keep pace with new fixes and improvements, you'll need to update it from time to time.

## What is the Semantic Versioning standard and how VVV used it

> The VVV project uses the [semver](http://semver.org/) system for versioning because is a suite of different tools that let you to manage different websites automatically with the various needs.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VVV project uses the [semver/semantic versioning](http://semver.org/) system.
```

> Keep everything updated and aligned is not an easy task so to simplify the environment management the semver standard helps you and the contributors to the project.  

Reviewer: Remove this paragraph
```suggestion
```

> WordPress as example doesn't use the semver for their releases so every release can have different changes or backward compatibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordPress for example doesn't use semver for their releases, so every release can have different changes or backward compatibility changes.
```

> For any other kind of issues don't forget to check at [Troubleshooting page](https://varyingvagrantvagrants.org/docs/en-US/troubleshooting/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any other issues don't forget to check the [troubleshooting page](https://varyingvagrantvagrants.org/docs/en-US/troubleshooting/).
```

> This versioning is used only for VVV and for the various repo is based this suite!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While VVV uses semantic versioning, other git repos such as the site templates, or core utilities, run on a continuous deployment process. These git repos don't have set versions.
```

### Major versions

> With major version we are talking of 1.x.x or 2.x.x that in the VVV case require a `vagrant destroy` to download new virtual image and reinstall everything.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each major version, e.g. 1.x.x or 2.x.x, requires a `vagrant destroy` to download a new VM image, and reinstall everything.
```

Commands to run to update to this version:

    git pull # update to latest git version
    vagrant destroy # destroy or delete the VM image (not your files!)

>     vagrant up # download the new VM image and reinstall everything with a provision

Reviewer: These instructions will result in data loss, there needs to be a backup and restore

Also, wrapping it in the new triple backtick code format with the shell typehint would be nice

> Also critical bugfixes are released as major releases!

Reviewer: Critical bugfixes can be in minor versions, e..g. v3.3, I think we can remove the upgrading section and replace it with a short paragraph linking to the existing doc at https://varyingvagrantvagrants.org/docs/en-US/installation/keeping-up-to-date/

Author: it is that file 😂

### Minor versions

> With minor version we are talking of 1.1.x or 2.3.x that in the VVV case require only a `vagrant provision`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minor versions, e.g.  1.1.x or 2.3.x, contain bug fixes, and sometimes new features. It's strongly recommended that you update to these versions.
```

Commands to run to update to this version:
    git pull # update to latest git version
    vagrant up # launch the VM
    vagrant provision # updates everything inside the VM

> 

Reviewer: We should link to https://varyingvagrantvagrants.org/docs/en-US/installation/keeping-up-to-date/ here instead of having a list of commands

## Updating VVV

> Keep in mind that if you regularly update, `git pull; vagrant reload --provision` should do just fine.

Reviewer: We can remove this section
